Joey:And I'm still right
Monica: That is sooo not true!
Rachel: What?
Joey: She’s mad because I know today’s her laundry day and that means she’s wearing her old lady underpants
Chandler: I can check that for ya
Monica: I just—I can’t believe that you think that you and Chandler know me and Rachel better than we know you.
Chandler: Well… we-we do. You can only eat Tic Tacks in even numbers
Joey: Yeah, what’s that about?
Chandler: (to Rachel) And you… Ross, I believe, if you check Rachel’s bag you will find a half-eaten box of cookies in there
Ross: (He does so, and finds a half-eaten box of cookies.) You’re good. (Tries a cookie.) These are not.
.......
Rachel: I’m so not impressed. Everybody snacks when they shop.Monica: Yeah.
Joey: Oh yeah? Ross, how many items left in that bag?Ross: Five.
How many guesses do you get six challenge extended?
Deal Challenge accepted
All right, we'll start with apples will be starting with apples
Stop that now
Yes, okay, uh tortilla chips yogurt diet soda yes, yes, yes
Orange juice no there's no oranges in there. We win. Hey have another guess
Okay, what we won that one
Okay, the last thing oh
no, no, not for like another two weeks, I
Got it scotch tape
How did you know she would buy scotch tape? Well? We used up theirs last night making scary faces
guys
Do you realize [that] any minute [now]?
Pee pee could be pregnant. [I] know I know it's such a huge life-altering thing
The test is ready
Okay each Team will answer ten questions
The first team to answer the most questions wins the categories are fears and pet peeves
ancient history
literature and
It's all relative
Now the coin toss to see who goes first
Okay, somebody call it this time tails its head
gentlemen pick your category fears and pet peeves
What is Monica's biggest pet peeve animals dressed as humans that's correct
[ladies] same Category
According to chandler. What phenomenon scares the bejesus out of him?
Michael Flatley Lord on the Dance
That is correct
The Irish Jig guy his legs flail about as if independent from his body
Gentlemen your pick it's all relative
Monica, and I had a grandmother who died you both went to her funeral name that grandmother
Nana, she has a real name
Althea althea, what are you doing? I took a shot. You're shooting, [adelphia]. I'll see you is correct. [hey] shooting
We'll take literature
Every week the TV guide comes to chandler and Joey's apartment
What name appears on the address label? [oh]?
I'm afraid the TV guide comes to Chanandler [bomb] I
Knew that Rachel use your head actually [it's] Miss Chanandler bomb